[skip ci] :memo: Improve Documentation (#913)
TissueImageAnalytics/tiatoolbox: CONTRIBUTING.rst

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.

> 2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the feature to the list in README.rst.

Reviewer: What goes in the readme.rst? It's currently empty right?

Author: Good catch. I think it is not necessary. This should be deleted.

> 2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the feature to the list in README.rst.

Author: ```suggestion
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the feature to the pull request description.
```
